At the time of the incident, Monday morning,
Poverty was to be investigated by Captain Patterson of the
Reckon.
The order stated to investigate the circumstances
surrounding the ablution.
Sir, my question was, any disciplinary action taken against
private shine by reason of that incident?
No sir.
Does his service record show that he was absent without
legal medication?
No sir, no further questions.
The chair has none.
Senator McPhallum?
No further.
Mr. Durek, can I send it to my right?
And the senator's in my left?
I have a question.
And your senator?
First, I'd like to make a statement.
It's my understanding that Mr. Waxler testified before
this committee that when he was around 17 or 18 or 19,
he was a member of the young communist lady.
And that he left that organization when he was young.
And that since that time, he has been more and more
actively against communism.
It is my understanding that I've only seen Mr. Waxler twice
in my life, and I don't read his paper.
Both times, as I saw him, had connections, or rather,
was in connection with executive hearings held by this committee.
And I have never seen the article referred to with respect
to the activities of private shine at this king.
Now, Captain, questions have been asked.
You, I'd like to ask you a question.
And some of you, just mention that point.
Point being that when the point of one of his ways,
the chair did not rule upon us for this reason.
He was not present at any of the hearings at which Mr. Wax
testified.
He has never read the testimony.
He is entirely unable to have a rule on the point of
what he's concerning testimony about Mr. Waxler,
which he had been a very nursing resident.
Well, the record was big for itself.
But I would like to ask this question because I take to say
anybody's life destroyed in the American system.
In fact, I will apologize to the junior senator from Wisconsin,
but that is the way I remember the record.
The question that I would like to ask you is,
did you know the former Communist in the last 18 months
have also been paid members of the staff of this committee?
Well, I did not.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Well, thank you, Sergeant.
Thank you, Sergeant.
Mr. Waxler, it's Lieutenant, Lieutenant Mike.
Do you have any questions?
That's right, sir.
Oh, I just have two short questions, sir.
Please, you're right.
Captain Miller, will you please relate why
private shine was given this piece of paper which
constituted a path.
I gave private shine a path form on the first day
he arrived in the company because I knew that private
shine was received passes the science
during the first four weeks.
And I felt that to make private shine available for committee
work as soon as possible, I should place no administrative
restrictions in the way of making him available.
I usually keep the passes locked up in the state.
And they are available only to myself and the executive
officer.
I gave private shine his past so that he's
invented a past.
The private space is better than the long pinching
of the road.
So long as I've recommended you, I hope you keep
our present up.
Go ahead.
The time has been there.
In a very messy opportunity, the team
was a table, and it seemed to witness.
I felt that since I kept the passes locked up in the state
and since the private shine was called very fine for these
passes, if I am my executive officer,
we're not present, we're not
be possible to get private shine passed to him
within any reasonable time.
I therefore gave it to him to keep in his possession
for that reason which I stated to him.
The fact that private shine was on pass
on all a part of 30 of the 59 day, if he was with my company,
bears out my reason for giving him the pass in his possession.
The debt passed that written piece of paper
comes through the authority for him
to be absent at any time from his duties.
It did not, unless authority was communicated to me,
he channels, and I specifically authorize private shine
to be absent.
Then he would use this pass if he were
adopted by military policeman or others
and asked whether he were legally off the post,
he would show this.
But it would be indicative of the trust which
I placed in private shine to show this pass
at only foot time as he was authorized to be absent.
My last question is this.
Is it unusual for an IG investigation
to be commenced when any charges are made by anyone
against anyone in a military service?
That is not all unusual.
It's all I have, sir.
Oh, no, it's economic tragedy.
Any further questions?
Your question is from Mr. Schumann.
I would like to comment on the statement just made
by the senator from Missouri, Senator Simonton.
I want your attention, if I may have a minute,
Senator?
I think so, sir.
Senator, the senator just commented
upon the fact that former communists have worked
with this committee.
He was trying to find a way to put them in the same flash
with Mr. Wicksworth.
We have a former communist sitting
behind this monthly over here.
She has worked with this committee.
She has worked with grand juries.
She's worked with the FBI, by only for Wicksworth
and the fucking way of the FBI.
Shinyan, every former communist who
has honestly reformed and who has, by their own custom,
on the absent fighters of jail,
are consistently feared by the Wicksworths who claims
every form.
I intend to always utilize these services
and generate them on a completely free basis
of those individuals who have planned
that they made them a state.
Now provenant, provenant by helping
our law enforcement agencies and grand juries
to some communist jail.
I may say that to the senator from Missouri,
I have deeply disturbed when I saw
an African back in the committee,
apparently for the first of helping
a gigascarminous.
The only time I hear him raise his voice at this table
is when we appear to be hurting those that
offend communism.
I'll make it clear.
I am.
From Missouri and Jim Prop simplement in Telugu
and I am the finishminist.
It would regard one of the rules.
And I ask you if you would tell the senator from Wisconsin
that his remarks were a stones pleased I personally
and my gefallen I'm going to have a little over
there with a scaring in our order in this bar.
Hope the sales agents showed that this takes
to chair coming under the wing of our players.
The chair says earlier today he considered
a decent deal of the call but he
is taking place between these his college
at this table as being your relevance
and Jim Propor and certainly not
conducive to expediting the year.
We just do it without engage in political discussion.
We suggest we do not engage in attacks upon each other.
Now in all fairness, it seems to me
that Senator McCrabby's entitled to say something
in response to a challenge which
the chair believes he had decided from Missouri
make that he was employing time in his sentence committee.
I think the whole discussion is entirely out of order.
But on half a leaf chair, the wishes
he had the authority of a judge in this procedure
has only the authority of a chair
on the regional committee in the United States Senate
where people are accustomed to engaging
in freedom of direction.
But he would like to please if we get back on the beam
that we get back on the issue that we interrogate this young man
and get onto the next one.
And he will ask respectfully to the senator
who has come to be as had an opportunity
now to reply to what I thought was
and the fact that he was a committee by some of his findings.
And I hope you will make it three then get out of reach.
I make a point of order on that.
Well, I thought I did not make any effect on this committee.
I stayed in fact, and the fact that I stayed in was
that he made for me, for the senator McCrabby.
Remember this staff, that he was being paid by this committee,
and he was formally a member of the Communist Party.
And that is all I said.
I stayed in fact, as the weathering communist is reformed,
the weather he has not performed.
I believe from the bottom of my heart
that God will decide with respect to his true reformation
and no one will man.
Chair is not in position to communicate differences
existing between the members of this commission.
Chair, there was nothing about the background
of any member of this committee that may or may not
have been a commentator.
He doesn't think this is the appropriate form
of extreme support that might have been the issue raised
by the senator from his jury.
I think certainly that he will agree
that the senator from Wisconsin has some right to explain.
Well, you can say this has to be an act of its statement.
I asked the chairman of this committee
to withdraw the statement that I attacked the committee.
I was told that you were attacked, and the McCrabby.
I asked the chairman to withdraw a statement
that I attacked the Democratic Party,
because the record will not prove that to be correct.
Very well, I was told he's taken to that withdraw,
and he simply says that the senator is now
submitting a hint to say something about Senator McCrabby
and about his employing.
I said for a moment, I'm an entity
who didn't consider it to be a compliment for the senator,
so we've done the right to reply.
I simply say it is correct.
I did not criticize the fact, and I thank the chairman
for his gracious good.
Very well.
Now, Senator, could you go on with the question
of the witness?
I think you have made your point.
And then we can never get an obligation like this
in the stages of equilibrium, which
I hope is about to be equally improvised by now,
so we can continue with the business of hand.
Kind of a grandly.
I like the chair of the question that I made.
I know that he has a gavill poised most of the time.
Can we have a member standing here for us
for hearing, but some of her is all not
brought in and are up halfway to a question.
Let's have a agreement that we can have the question finished.
I think that's common question.
The chair of the high committee that sent it from Wisconsin.
I think I was perhaps a little in touch with,
and I assure him I will do my best in the future
to follow the suggestion.
There are a lot of us can perform that I have
in the nation, including the man who made it,
so we can make it to them.
OK.
Thank you.
Senator McKay.
Mr. Chairman, I think I should start that.
Mr. Johnson, you've got counsel to your right, and I'll find it.
Yes, sir.
I'll find it, Mr. St. Clair.
I have counsel for the Army, and I'm part of the Army.
They represent me as well as the kind of life that's in.
And you can sit at a perfectly, naturally
a perfectly proper situation.
And even in customary, I should have counsel, certainly.
That's right, sir.
Now, can you tell me whether or not
when Mr. Shining and a preface in the Army?
So, tall dinners are as well for those charges
originally to play a paper.
And I'd like to have that many softwares of the party.
But when Mr. Shining was allowed to counsel, why not?
I know because I was told, and I can state,
so the fact that if you wish, sir,
one year would be not allowed to counsel,
yes or no, I will say, no, he was not,
and then I will qualify to find it.
You mean, you're not allowed to?
In such a general investigation,
persons being asked questions,
are being asked questions willing to accept
or possibly paying back?
And counsel has never been allowed
for persons in such a general investigation.
I happen to have been included among the persons
questions since the charges were made
and since the criminal poverty,
the domestic investigation sometime in January,
and has constantly testified without counsel.
And I didn't consider that in any way, your regular,
I nearly was given counsel the facts
which to make recommendations to the committee in general,
and the fact that a counsel is denied in that
to an infant cell in a relation with a child
and a pre-configured child.
I am sick.
I'm an infant cell, but the machine denied counsel
when he was interrogated in regards to the trial.
The trial was investigated by a communist chief.
I can't deny counsel.
That's the only question was he denied counsel.
Yes, he was.
Did he tell you he wanted counsel, President?
I was not present.
I was trying to get the court when he was interrogated there.
Do you know the repressives?
They're right.
So he's owner of our presence.
I know.
That's who he is, right?
And you know the reason I was asked, right?
I believe.
You know, I will say, sir.
I was entwined to the word believe, once in proper.
I will say, sir, is tonight Alex Private Sign
had requested counsel and was not interrogated by former
authority at that time, because he had been
out screening all life and night.
You will work.
Don't give me a speech, Captain.
I just asked a simple question.
Did Cheyenne ask you to have a lawyer, a resort in prison,
whom he was hired personally, and pay, have him present?
At the time, there was being investigated.
The charge was initiated by a communist chief.
Was he tonight, Councillor?
No.
I don't need a speech, come on.
I would have to qualify that, sir, because I
know that Private Sign was given the opportunity
to consult with counsel, and he had the allegation before him
before he was questioned by the IG, which was not
true of myself.
No.
The question is, Captain.
There is no reason why you can't tell if they
fit to the court.
Was he the...
Sir, I was the only one.
That was true.
Was he the night?
They were right, because I think he was so close.
Yes or no?
He was.
Right?
Now, you know, he was also instructed not
to tell anyone, including the chairman of this committee,
but the charges against him were.
You know that?
I believe that all persons giving testimony
are instructed not to tell any of their testimony
to other persons until the completion
of the investigation and findings are in it.
That was a process.
Would you have back the first?
Do you know what the charge was?
Yes, he was.
Did that go through to the court?
Do you know what the charge was instructed not
to tell anyone, including the chairman of this committee
myself, but the charges against him were.
But he was specifically instructed not
to tell anyone on my staff or tell me what the charges
against him were.
Do you know that?
Yes, Sir, Private Sign, as well as I, and the regist...
I will.
I will call the secretary.
The chairman?
He has erected a file of identity as an attorney,
but then he asked him if anything should say.
Oh, Mr. Chairman.
Oh, no.
They looked at his testimony that he was not present at the time
when Private Sign was interrogated by the IG.
And all these questions of court are here today.
And things that the captain picked up from other people.
I just want to point that out.
No.
That's clear.
Because he's going to be there.
I believe I made that clear because I'm a car thief.
I met my family with questions.
And the answer accepted all that thank you.
Now, on the answer this, maybe you can
say some light on this captain.
The other fact that Private Sign was instructed by the inspector
general, I'm not suspecting the wisdom of that order.
Maybe it's lies, maybe it's unwise.
We don't determine that today.
From the view of the fact that he was instructed not
to tell anyone what the charges were.
You totally couldn't have a lawyer present.
You totally couldn't tell the journalist
committee about the charges against him were.
Could you perhaps tell me how we had to go to this New York
post run by a man who admittedly was a high-commodest
at one time to find out what the charges were?
But how did they get to them?
The charges, I believe, were first printed in the New York
post.
That's right.
And the charges were available on a public basis.
I believe that Private Sign was provided as well as high
with a copy of the allegations of the New York post.
You just say that the counsel chair has nothing to do
before the next turn and begins.
And while we have this opportunity, let's return to our studio
of the cost of country to submit our statements
to identify them.
So this is ABC Television Network.
Did you have counsel at the ID investigation?
I did not.
Would you offer the right to have counsel at the ID investigation?
The EMA Television Network is bringing you
through its facility drawing off the property committee hearings.
We pause now for station identification.
This is the EMA Television Network.
Let's go to the investigation.
This is WABD Channel 5, serving New York
best in public affairs.
Particle of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, as well as
a Fifth Amendment of the United States Constitution
before they are asked any questions by the Inspector General.
Yes, in all cases of investigation within the Army, Article 31,
which is based upon the Fifth Amendment,
is read to each person interrogated in any investigation.
Were you told by the IG not to discuss your testimony
with anyone else?
I was instructed not to disclose the subject of my testimony
to anyone else who comes into the testimony
because it was confidential material.
Do you know whether or not the IG investigation
was a result of the charges made by the newspapers or vice
versa?
I have been told the death suspect.
Oh.
Truth is the fact.
The investigation was started as a result of the newspaper
allegation.
Then that's how the newspapers would know the allegation.
The fact correct?
That is correct.
That's all I have, sir.
Mr. Cohen or Senator McCrack?
The thing was spent two hours now on something that's
completely relevant.
In this case, maybe we should spend a few more minutes
and let the public know exactly what some of the charges were.
One of the charges, first of all, if you
said the file of the chain, the copy of the charges,
I believe that that's personal.
You told me he could not make those available to anyone
those are sick.
I don't believe that the charges were
taken away once that they were printed in the New York Post.
Well, before they were printed.
So I assume you gave him the charges.
He didn't have any more copy than New York Post.
I assume you handed him the charges in some type of informant.
I had a private charge, nothing.
I was not a part of the investigation deal
in conductance.
The charges were printed.
I believe in New York Post after the before the investigation
was a result of the article appearing in the New York Post,
which were adverse to the publication of 4th X.
Could you give me some idea how much time and money was spent on one of the allegations?
For example, Miami said that I have asked for the allegations and have been denied them.
I must have had it like I had to come in the middle for this coming to see to get them.
I must have had money was spent by the IG determining the question of whether or not I quote
Shion had he shoes commercially polished.
I would know money alone.
I know nothing of the amount of money being spent in the IG investigation is not something
that I can cover.
You know how much time and money was spent on allegation number 16?
Mainly that he had books with buckles on the fly.
Now I point out that I understand that they didn't have shoes with a fifth day if you get
a size acting quickly or bite them down town.
Now how much time does it take to determine whether or not the buckles were on the side or not?
I cannot say how much money was spent on such an investigation.
I do know how the incident took place.
The man can one other question.
Do you know how much time and money was spent on the return of whether or not they had on the
reign one day some plane mass they were there was rather cold.
Do you have a time with money was spent on that?
No, I do not.
No brother, I don't know the chairman.
Do you have any questions?
Do you satisfy the time, my sir?
They dismiss.
Captain Miller, now being something after 12 we're having a 1 30 meeting scheduled and room
on the 7th executive meeting we stand in each set.
So 2 o'clock.
You have just heard chairman mother now that the next session of the hearing will be at 2 p.m. this afternoon.